Mr. Lianzi, we are not married yet.
You can go out and do whatever you want without getting married.
You are not afraid that I will tell dad. I can annul my marriage at any time before I get married.
This is a marriage between your two families.
How can you break off the engagement just because you say it's right?
If you, an admirer, hadn’t experienced Jin Meng and walked out of it early in life,
How can I get it?
Yuanchuan, my old man came to see you,
How can you speak to so few people,
I am also a human being and I have emotions.
Then I suggest you be less emotional in the future.
I'll give her this number and let her go. I'll drive you to work.
A few years ago, a boat carried me through the gate of my home.
Not for the light of day
But the school misses him.